a clear sign outside of the US capital
of congress's support for Israel on the
30-day anniversary of the October 7th
attacks and perhaps even clearer on the
inside where the house voted to Center
the only palestinian-american woman
elected to congress Rashida to leave the
reason she posted this to social
media some Jewish group said it was a
call to wipe Israel off the map she
explained it was a call for Palestinians
to have equal protection and freedom of
movement but Palestinian people are not
disposable in an emotional speech
defending her calls for an immediate
ceasefire the cries of the Palestinian
and CH Palestinian and Israeli Children
sound no different to me why what I
don't understand is why the cries of
Palestinians sound different to you all
and while the Biden Administration has
called for humanitarian pauses and not a
ceasefire they are starting to push back
publicly on Israel on the possibility of
Israel controlling the security in Gaza
a no president maintains his position
that a reoccupation by Israeli forces is
not the right thing to do on reports
that some want to push Palestinians into
Egypt another no you're not engaging in
any situation in which Egyptian land
would be leased forc relocation is not
uh is is not something that we are
looking at or is on the table or a
policy that we support but on Tuesday
the administration reiterated that they
don't believe Israel is violating
international law by bombing hospitals
un protected schools and refugee
camps but the administration is facing
growing political pressure at home I
think there's been a lot of
disappointment particularly among young
voters but also as you mentioned Arab
voters Muslim voters Progressive voters
black voters of the handling of the
situation uh many according to polls I
think uh about 66% of Americans and 80%
of Democrats have expressed support for
a ceasefire all voters Biden knows he'll
need if he is going to be reelected and
the polls show he could pay a heavy
price for continued collusion with
Israel Patty Khan Al jazer
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer